#summary Scripted field reference
=Events=
Events are defined in the Scripted field in the UI.

 * ontouch
{{{
#Event is triggered when body is touched by another.
ontouch{|toucher,position,speed|
   logLine("I was touched")
}
}}}

 * ontouching
{{{
#Event is triggered every tick as long as bodies are in contact.
ontouching{|toucher|
   logLine("Still touching")
}
}}}
 * onuntouch
{{{
#Event is triggered when bodies stop touching.
onuntouch{|toucher|
   logLine("Done touching")
}
}}}
 * onstart
{{{
#Event is triggered once at the beginning of the simulation.
onstart{
   logLine("Start")
}
}}}
 * onend
{{{
#Event is triggered once at the end of the simulation.
onstart{
   logLine("End")
}
}}}
 * onpreframe
{{{
#Event is called at the beginning of each frame.
onpreframe{
   logLine("Preframe")
}
}}}
 * ontick
{{{
#Event is once per frame just before the physics simulation step.
ontick{
   logLine("Tick")
}
}}}
 * onpostframe
{{{
#Event is called at the end of each frame after the physics simulation step
onpreframe{
   logLine("Postframe")
}
}}}
 * onclick
{{{
#Event is called when the user mouse clicks a body.
onclick{
   logLine("Click")
}
}}}
 * ondrag
{{{
#Event is called each frame the user holds the mouse button after clicking.
ondrag{
   logLine("Dragging")
}
}}} 
 * onunclick
{{{
#Event is called when the user releases the mouse button after clicking.
ondrag{
   logLine("Unclick")
}
}}}


=Script functions=

==Simulation variables==
 * setVar(name,value)
 * getVar(name)
 * getSetVar(name,value=0)

==Inputs==
 * key(name)
 * joy(name)
 * joybutton(name)
 * slider(sname,defaultValue=0.5,min=0.0,max=1.0)


==Physics body==
 * magnetic=true/false
 * nocollision=true/false
 * solid=true/false
 * push(direction)
 * getVelocity()
 * setVelocity(velocity)
 * setLinearDamping(damp)
 * setAngularDamping(damp)
 * getTorque()
 * setTorque(torque)
 * destroy()
 * teleport(pos,recurse=true)
 * copy(pos=nil,velocity=nil,lifetime=0)
 * split(bdy=self,recurse=0)
 * setCamera()

==Joints==
 * createJoint(parent,child,type="ball",min=0,max=0,accel=0,damp=0,breakingForce=0)
 * disconnect()
 * attach(child,breakingForce=0)
 * connect(child,type="ball",min=0,max=0,accel=0,damp=0,breakingForce=0)
 * lookAt(target,stiff=10.0,damp=10.0)

==Utility==
 * playSound(name)
 * logLine(str)
 * frame()
 * group()
 * camera()
 * position()
 * transformation()
 * simulation()

 * evalCurveAbs(name,dist)
 * getCurveLength(curveVerts)
 * findCurve(name)